In this video we're going to install the atom text editor on Windows.
We'll start by going to the atom website in a browser.
Click on the link to download the installation file.
And once we've downloaded and saved that file we'll run it which will start the installation program
unlike some other programs.
This doesn't have any installation options.
So as soon as you run the installation package you'll see this splash screen installation.
Take a few minutes depending on your system.
Once the installation has completed the editor will start and it looks like this.
The first thing we're going to do is make a change to one of the settings.
So in the file menu we'll go to the settings entry and in there click on the packages option.
And we're going to look for the package called Art a complete plus.
There will click the settings button and we're going to uncheck the box that says show suggestions on
keystroke will re-enable this later on in the course to see how it can help us code.
Then we can close the settings window and I'll solve these welcome pages and to get us ready to start
coding.
We're going to open the folder that we set up earlier with our web server so we'll go to the File menu
select open folder and we'll select the folder that we created earlier.
I created the folder w w w here will select the folder and finally will just make sure that the treeview
is displayed which shows us the folder on our system.
Now we have the editor installed and we were ready to start coding.